Update HoVerNet pipeline (#1101)
Project-MONAI/tutorials: pathology/hovernet/README.MD

This example uses MONAI workflow to train a HoVerNet model on prepared CoNSeP dataset.
Since HoVerNet is training via a two-stage approach. First initialized the model with pre-trained weights on the [ImageNet dataset](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5206848), trained only the decoders for the first 50 epochs, and then fine-tuned all layers for another 50 epochs. We need to specify `--stage` during training.

> There are two training modes in total. If "original" mode is specified, using [270, 270] and [80, 80] for `patch_size` and `out_size` respectively. If "fast" mode is specified, using [256, 256] and [164, 164] for `patch_size` and `out_size` respectively. The results we show below are based on the "fast" model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two training modes in total. If "original" mode is specified, it uses [270, 270] and [80, 80] for `patch_size` and `out_size` respectively. If "fast" mode is specified, it uses [256, 256] and [164, 164] for `patch_size` and `out_size` respectively. The results we show below are based on the "fast" model.
```

Author: Have updated, thanks!

#### [HoVerNet Validation](./evaluation.py)

This example uses MONAI workflow to evaluate the trained HoVerNet model on prepared test data from CoNSeP dataset.

> With their metrics on fast mode. We reproduce the results with Dice: 0.83285; PQ: 0.49765; F1d: 0.74214.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this training pipeline in the "fast" mode, we have achieved the following metrics: Dice: 0.8329, PQ: 0.4977 and F1d: 0.7421.
```
